Document remote-write config params for most use-cases. (#482)
timescale/promscale: docs/configuring_prometheus.md

# Configuring Prometheus for better Performance with Promscale

This document mentions details about configuring Prometheus's remote-write settings to maximize performance
from Promscale.

Prometheus is a monitoring tool, that scrapes targets and sends scraped metric data to remote-storage systems
like Promscale. The samples are pushed by Prometheus through the remote-write component of Prometheus. You
can configure the remote-write component based on the requirements and tune the component accordingly. Details
related to the remote-write configuration can be found [here](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write).

Remote-write performance is mainly dependent on `queue_config`. Changing values in `queue_config` will allow
the component to adjust to different scenarios but ideally they should be:

> 

Author: Yes, that would be good.

### capacity

This corresponds to the maximum number of samples that the queues in remote-write shards can hold. If you have
a high-throughput environment, capacity of queues should be `10000` at least.

### minimum number of shards

> Shards are they actual parts of remote-write component that push data to remote-write endpoint (concurrently). More the number of
> shards, more would be the parallel requests to remote-write. Since Promscale is optimized for concurrent inserts,
> it will perform better with more shards. Ideally, you can set `min_shards: 4`. However, you should also keep in mind that increasing shards by
> large values can impact the memory usage significantly.

Reviewer: Doesn't the part about memory apply to max_shards more than min shards? Thus I remove from the changes 
```suggestion
Shards are they actual parts of remote-write component that push data to remote-write endpoint.
Multiple shards send data concurrently, Thus, the number of shards sets the amount of parallel requests
sent to the remote-write endpoint. Since Promscale is optimized for concurrent inserts,
it will perform better with more shards. Ideally, you can set `min_shards: 4`.
```

### batch send deadline

Batch send deadline denotes the maximum time allowed for a particular write request to remote-write endpoint. You should
set this high if you have a higher cardinality. Ideally, it should be set to `batch_send_deadline: 30s`. Also, do remember

> to increase the `remote_timeout` value in case `batch_send_deadline` exceeds it.

Reviewer 2: Maybe adding some context on relation btw `remote_timeout` & `batch_send_deadline` would be good here.

Author: Added a section for remote_timeout to make things clear here.

### maximum retry delay

The remote-write component implements backoff duration on requests to write-endpoint i.e., retry the write request again
after a pause. This can be particularly useful if the remote-storage is facing some rate-limiting. So, you can set this

> to `1s`, however you can set higher values, depending on the requirements.

Reviewer 2: Add the field key here as well as mentioned in above sections for other configurations. i.e. `max_backoff`

Reviewer: I agree with this.
